doc: Release Notes for nRF Connect SDK v2.9.0-nRF54H20-1 (#20838)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.9.0-nRF54H20-1.rst

.. _ncs_release_notes_290-nrf54h20-1:

> |NCS| v2.9.0-nRF54H20-1 Release Notes
> #########################################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|NCS| v2.9.0-nRF54H20-1 Release Notes
#####################################
```

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.
The SDK includes open source projects (TF-M, MCUboot, OpenThread, Matter, and the Zephyr RTOS), which are continuously integrated and redistributed with the SDK.

> The |NCS| v2.9.0-nRF54H20-1 is an nRF54H20-exclusive release tag, only supporting products based on the nRF54H20 SoC.

Reviewer 2: The comment is about line 53 (NCSDK-30802), but cannot comment there as it wasn't changed. Please remove `after nrfxlib 3.9.0.` from that line, or change to ` after nrfx 3.9.0.` The issue occurred when nrfx 3.9.0 was integrated in upstream, that's why the task refers to it.

Reviewer 2: Additionally, shall this statement be also present in the `Enhanced ShockBurst (ESB)` section, or would it be a duplication?

Author: Fixed and added under ESB

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v2.9.0-nRF54H20-1**.
Check the :file:`west.yml` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` and :ref:`gs_updating_repos_examples` for more information.

For information on the included repositories and revisions, see `Repositories and revisions for v2.9.0-nRF54H20-1`_.

Integration test results
************************

> The integration test results for this tag can be found in the following external Artifactory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration test results for this tag can be found in the following locations:
```

.. NOTE TO MAINTAINERS: All the Zephyr commits in the below git commands must be handled specially after each upmerge and each nRF Connect SDK release.

> The Zephyr fork in |NCS| (``sdk-zephyr``) contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``8d4a7b606b8298fe657a419a3c3609cce46ed119``, with some |NCS| specific additions.

Author: @bjarki-andreasen please review this and the changes right below

Author: @carlescufi Could you please review this?

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is the case, beb733919d8d64a778a11bd5e7d5cbe5ae27b8ee is still the merge base from what I see, 8d4a7b606b8298fe657a419a3c3609cce46ed119 is a fromlist, so likely not to be the last upstream commit :)
